disaster. Zaster disaster.
>> The an energy is amazing and so I'm
really excited to be here.
>> It's such an impressive community of SAS
professionals. Everybody's here to learn
from each other and and help each other
out and network and connect. So, it's a
great place to be.
>> I learned a lot about how founders
who've been really successful with their
sales team have managed to get there.
You do feel that all the people that are
here are trying to figure out the same
stuff and so talking to each other I I
feel helps as well.
[Music]
>> April is very friendly. Everyone is very
open and definitely enjoy talking to
everyone here. is from past.
>> Zaster.
>> Zastra.
[Music]